.TH man 1 "25 Jun, 2015" "1.0" "ovirt-register man page"
.SH NAME
ovirt-register \- oVirt registration tool for hosts
.SH SYNOPSIS
ovirt-register --engine-fqdn ENGINE_FQDN [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBovirt-register\fP is a command line tool to register hosts to Engine.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
Displays a list of options.
.TP
.B --engine-fqdn <engine fqdn>
Specifies the Engine FQND for host registration (See also --check-fqdn)
.TP
.B --node-fqdn <node fqdn>
Node FQDN or IP address. If not provided, will be used system host name.
.TP
.B --node-name <node name>
Define the node name. If not provided, will be used system short host name (the name before the first dot in the system host name)
.TP
.B --engine-https-port <https port>
Define engine https port. If not provided, will be used 443.
.TP
.B --ssh-user
SSH username to establish the connection with Engine. If not provided, the user which is executing the script will catch and used.
.TP
.B --ssh-port
SSH port to establish the connection with Engine. If not provided, the script will use the default SSH port 22.
.RE
.TP
.B --nocheck-fqdn
Disable FQDN check for Engine CA, this option is enabled by default
.RE
.TP
.B --cafile
Specify the full path for the Engine CA file, it will be created if doesn't exist.
.RE
.TP
.B --fingerprint
Specify an existing fingerprint to be validated against Engine CA fingerprint.
.RE
.TP
.B --vdsm-port
Specify the listen port of VDSM. If not provided, will be used the default 54321
.TP
.B --log <file path>
Specify a file to redirect the log
.RE
.TP
.B --force-uuid <UUID>
Force the UUID of machine. It's useful for machines that provides duplicate UUID.
You might generate the UUID with: cat /proc/sys/kernel/random/uuid
.RE
.TP
.B --nopersist-uuid
Do not Save the UUID in the disk (/etc/vdsm/vdsm.id). The default behaviour is save into the disk. (Use: True or False)
.RE
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to <http://bugzilla.redhat.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2015 Red Hat, Inc.
License GPLv2: GNU GPL Version 2 <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
